README.md, before:

# pyfa.fit

_Master_: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/pyfa-fit/Pyfa) [![Build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/6o0qe49yajcg7hyy/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Ebag333/pyfa-nr5qw/branch/master) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa) [![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/99b3b8298c534ebab103435cc6471554)](https://www.codacy.com/app/Ebag333/Pyfa?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=Pyfa-fit/Pyfa&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

_Development_: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa.svg?branch=development)](https://travis-ci.org/pyfa-fit/Pyfa) [![Build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/6o0qe49yajcg7hyy/branch/development?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Ebag333/pyfa-nr5qw/branch/development) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa/branch/development/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa)

![pyfa](/imgs/mainframe.png "Pyfa")
## What is it?

pyfa, short for **py**thon **f**itting **a**ssistant, allows you to create, experiment with, and save ship fittings without being in game. Open source and written in Python, it is available on any platform where Python 2.x and wxWidgets are available, including Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux.

## Latest Version and Changelogs

The latest version along with release notes can always be found on the project's [Releases](https://github.com/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa/releases) page. pyfa will notify you if you are running an outdated version.  

Development releases will have newer features, and may not function correctly. Use at your own risk.

_*Release Downloads*_:
[Current Release](https://github.com/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa/releases)

### Windows

_*Development Downloads*_:
[x86](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/Ebag333/pyfa-nr5qw/artifacts/pyfa.zip?branch=development&job=Environment%3A%20PYTHON%3DC%3A%5CPython27%2C%20PYTHON_VERSION%3D2.7.x%2C%20PYTHON_ARCH%3D32)
 | 
[x64](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/Ebag333/pyfa-nr5qw/artifacts/pyfa.zip?branch=development&job=Environment%3A%20PYTHON%3DC%3A%5CPython27-x64%2C%20PYTHON_VERSION%3D2.7.x%2C%20PYTHON_ARCH%3D64)

### Linux/OS X

_*Development Downloads*_:
Can be fetched by download the current repository

## Installation

### Windows
Windows users are supplied self-contained builds of pyfa on the [latest releases](https://github.com/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa/releases/latest) page. An `.exe` installer is also available for Windows builds.

#### Linux/OS X
 Linux and Mac users can run pyfa using their distribution's Python interpreter. There is no official self-contained package for Linux or Mac (a feature currently in progress).

### Dependencies
If you wish to help with development or simply need to run pyfa through a Python interpreter, all requirements are listed in `requirements.txt`.

## Bug Reporting
The preferred method of reporting bugs is through the project's [GitHub Issues interface](https://github.com/pyfa-fit/Pyfa/issues).

## License
pyfa is licensed under the GNU GPL v3.0, see LICENSE

## Resources
* Development repository: [https://github.com/pyfa-fit/Pyfa](https://github.com/pyfa-fit/Pyfa)
* [EVE University guide using pyfa](http://wiki.eveuniversity.org/Guide_to_using_PYFA)
* [EVE Online website](http://www.eveonline.com/)

## Contacts:
* Ebag Trescientas
    * GitHub: @ebag333

## CCP Copyright Notice
EVE Online, the EVE logo, EVE and all associated logos and designs are the intellectual property of CCP hf. All artwork, screenshots, characters, vehicles, storylines, world facts or other recognizable features of the intellectual property relating to these trademarks are likewise the intellectual property of CCP hf. EVE Online and the EVE logo are the registered trademarks of CCP hf. All rights are reserved worldwide. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. CCP hf. has granted permission to pyfa to use EVE Online and all associated logos and designs for promotional and information purposes on its website but does not endorse, and is not in any way affiliated with, pyfa. CCP is in no way responsible for the content on or functioning of this program, nor can it be liable for any damage arising from the use of this program.

Commit message:

Readme improvements. Cleanup old test stuff from AppVeyor.yml.  Switch Travis.yml to use single S3 bucket for easier management.

README.md, after:

# pyfa.fit

_Master_: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/pyfa-fit/Pyfa) [![Build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/6o0qe49yajcg7hyy/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Ebag333/pyfa-nr5qw/branch/master) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa-fit/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa) [![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/86ace8fc05c24ae59b61e0223f7d161b)](https://www.codacy.com/app/Ebag333/Pyfa-fit?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=Pyfa-fit/Pyfa-fit&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

_Development_: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa.svg?branch=development)](https://travis-ci.org/pyfa-fit/Pyfa) [![Build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/6o0qe49yajcg7hyy/branch/development?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Ebag333/pyfa-nr5qw/branch/development) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa-fit/branch/development/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa)

![pyfa](/imgs/mainframe.png "Pyfa")
## What is it?

pyfa, short for **py**thon **f**itting **a**ssistant, allows you to create, experiment with, and save ship fittings without being in game. Open source and written in Python, it is available on any platform where Python 2.x and wxWidgets are available, including Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux.

## Latest Version and Changelogs

The latest version along with release notes can always be found on the project's [Releases](https://github.com/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa/releases) page. pyfa will notify you if you are running an outdated version.  

Development releases will have newer features, and may not function correctly. Use at your own risk.

_*Release Downloads*_:
[Current Release](https://github.com/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa/releases)

### Development Downloads

_*Windows*_:
[x86](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/Ebag333/pyfa-nr5qw/artifacts/Pyfa_Windows.zip?branch=development&job=Environment%3A%20PYTHON%3DC%3A%5CPython27%2C%20PYTHON_VERSION%3D2.7.x%2C%20PYTHON_ARCH%3D32)
 | 
[x64](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/Ebag333/pyfa-nr5qw/artifacts/Pyfa_Windows_x64.zip?branch=development&job=Environment%3A%20PYTHON%3DC%3A%5CPython27-x64%2C%20PYTHON_VERSION%3D2.7.x%2C%20PYTHON_ARCH%3D64)

_*Linux/OS X*_:
Can be fetched by downloading the current repository

## Installation

### Windows
Windows users are supplied self-contained builds of pyfa on the [latest releases](https://github.com/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa-fit/releases/latest) page. Simply download the zip file, extract, and run `pyfa.exe`.

#### Linux/OS X
 Linux and Mac users can run pyfa using their distribution's Python interpreter. There is no official self-contained package for Linux or Mac (a feature currently in progress).  Download the latest zip file from the [latest releases](https://github.com/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa-fit/releases/latest) page, extract, and run `python ./pyfa.py`.

### Dependencies
If you wish to run pyfa through a Python interpreter, all requirements are listed in `requirements.txt`.
For development, it is recommended also using `requirements_build.txt` and `requirements_test.txt`.

## Bug Reporting
The preferred method of reporting bugs is through the project's [GitHub Issues interface](https://github.com/pyfa-fit/Pyfa-fit/issues).

## License
pyfa is licensed under the GNU GPL v3.0, see LICENSE

## Resources
* Development repository: [https://github.com/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa-fit](https://github.com/Pyfa-fit/Pyfa-fit)
* [EVE University guide using pyfa](http://wiki.eveuniversity.org/Guide_to_using_PYFA)
* [EVE Online website](http://www.eveonline.com/)

## Contacts:
* Ebag Trescientas
    * GitHub: @ebag333

## CCP Copyright Notice
EVE Online, the EVE logo, EVE and all associated logos and designs are the intellectual property of CCP hf. All artwork, screenshots, characters, vehicles, storylines, world facts or other recognizable features of the intellectual property relating to these trademarks are likewise the intellectual property of CCP hf. EVE Online and the EVE logo are the registered trademarks of CCP hf. All rights are reserved worldwide. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. CCP hf. has granted permission to pyfa to use EVE Online and all associated logos and designs for promotional and information purposes on its website but does not endorse, and is not in any way affiliated with, pyfa. CCP is in no way responsible for the content on or functioning of this program, nor can it be liable for any damage arising from the use of this program.
